TELCODOCS-783 - Optional Capabilties - CNF-5376 Leverage Composable Op… (#52341)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/install-sno-generating-the-install-iso-manually.adoc

pullSecret: '<pull_secret>' <8>
sshKey: |
  <ssh_key> <9>

> spec:

Reviewer: There is no `spec` part on top of capabilities. The correct format is similar as below:
```
baselineCapabilitySet: v4.11 <10>
additionalEnabledCapabilities: <11>
  - CSISnapshot
  - Insights
  - Storage
```

Author: Thanks for the review @jinyunma I will correct that. Does the comment also apply to the change at line 210 (below)? I presume it does

Reviewer: yes, seems in both sections.

Author: Thanks. I removed `spec` and adjusted the indentation for the subsequent lines

<7> Set the path to the installation disk drive, for example, `/dev/disk/by-id/wwn-0x64cd98f04fde100024684cf3034da5c2`.
<8> Copy the {cluster-manager-url-pull} and add the contents to this configuration setting.
<9> Add the public SSH key from the administration host so that you can log in to the cluster after installation.
<10> Activate a predefined set of cluster capabilities.
<11> Add the additional cluster capabilities you want to enable here.
+
[NOTE]
====
The following sets of cluster capabilities are predefined:

`None`:: No optional capabilities are enabled.
`v4.11`:: Includes `baremetal`, `marketplace`, and `openshift-samples`.
`v4.12`:: Includes all capabilities from `v4.11`, and `Console`, `Insights`, `Storage`, `CSISnapshot`.
`vCurrent`:: Enables the recommended set of optional capabilities.
====
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> Removing a capability from a cluster alters the behavior of that cluster and may require you to provide alternative methods to perform the functions associated with that capability. For example, if you remove the storage capability, you need to provide your own storage to, for example, support metrics persistence.

Reviewer 2: s/may/could

Author: corrected

<7> Set the path to the installation disk drive, for example, `/dev/sda`.
<8> Copy the {cluster-manager-url-pull} and add the contents to this configuration setting.
<9> Add the public SSH key from the administration host so that you can log in to the cluster after installation.
<10> Activate a predefined set of cluster capabilities.

> <11> Add the additional cluster capabilities you want to enable here.

Author: Removing `Console` here makes sense to me. Thanks.

[NOTE]
====
The following sets of cluster capabilities are predefined:

> `None`:: All capabilities are disabled.

Reviewer 3: The godocs here [say][1] it:

> ... is an empty set enabling no optional capabilities

That's slightly different from disabling all capabilities, because:

```yaml
baselineCapabilitySet: None
additionalEnabledCapabilities:
- Insights
```

has `Insights` enabled, not disabled, etc.  I'd recommend just echoing the godocs here.

[1]: https://github.com/openshift/api/blob/0ee1471bcabbfefade29abeae5aab53366d0493f/config/v1/types_cluster_version.go#L289-L291

Author: ok

<7> Set the path to the installation disk drive, for example, `/dev/sda`.
<8> Copy the {cluster-manager-url-pull} and add the contents to this configuration setting.
<9> Add the public SSH key from the administration host so that you can log in to the cluster after installation.
<10> Activate a predefined set of cluster capabilities.

> <11> Add the additional abilities you want to enable here.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<11> Add the additional cluster capabilities you want to enable here.
```

Author: corrected
